Hahaha, okay, okay.
This is really going to the concubine
You Li Xuan, don't be impulsive
He was a lieutenant in the Zhenbei Army
If you dare to offend him, our siblings will be finished
That's right, Zhenbei Army is this big summer day
Even if the sky wants to drop the team and punish you to death
You have to win too, don't you?
Your Chen family is such a planet
I shouldn't have given you the original tens of billions of orders.
A broken sweeper
Dare to take credit from this young master
It's you.
Dare to claim the reaction order I gave to the Chen family
Pei Shan, how dare you speak nonsense in front of Liu Shao
Just what can you do as a broken sweeper?
Aren't you afraid of being slapped in the face?
Liu Shao is the project manager of the state-owned Sunnong Group
Only his identity is worthy of the dragon ghost
I hope you understand a truth
It also depends on ability to post upside down.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Aren't you short of money?
That should keep you happy for a while
Take it as my compensation to you.
Hahahaha
I don't know how to thank Liu Shao
No gratitude at all
No wonder you've done nothing for so many years
The Chen family of Yandu
After the death of Mr. Chen
I can't even get a complete brain out
No wonder I ate nonsense for three years
Still can't be the first family in the smoke pit
What nonsense are you talking about?
Think about it.
He is just a project manager
worthy of fat burning tens of billions of orders